profile/README.md, before:

# <center>AMiCI - Project</center>
## <center><u>A</u>gile <u>Mi</u>sconception <u>C</u>oncept <u>I</u>nventory - Project</center>

<br>

The AMiCI Project consists of several (private) repositories:
- AMiCI: A collection of multiple-choice questions (a [Concept Inventory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept_inventory), *CI*), created with the support of the AMiCI methodology, to early identify programming language (*PL*) misconceptions students develop when learning to program.
- AMiCI Platform: A web application developed in Java (with the [Vaadin Framework](https://vaadin.com/)) that supports the administration, validation, sharing, and results analysis of AMi-CIs.
- AMiCI-Platform-Utils: utilities to support the conversion of formats within the AMiCI-Platform

### Purpose
The purpose is of this project is the **validation and application** of efficient CIs, which aim at early discovering the [PL Misconceptions](https://progmiscon.org) (*MCs*) that students usually develop while learning to program. 

Contrary to state-of-the-art CIs, in the AMiCI methodology  the **unit of observation** is the **option** (both distractors and key answers) of the multiple-choice questions. This is an **original contribution** of our research [(EC-TEL, 2023)](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-42682-7_1) and the basic idea for the design of the platform. <br>
With this approach we aim not to waste any valuable information and **efficiently** build **accurate** profiles of students' understanding.

**A**gile **Mi**sconception **C**oncept **I**nventories proved to be a **fast**, **accurate** and very useful tool in programming courses for both: instructors and students. <br>
With the AMiCI - Platform you may easily implement a CI, administer quizzes, analyze and/or validate the results in just a few clicks.

### Contact
To participate in this project, please, fill out the contact form you find on [http://andrea.adamoli.ch](http://andrea.adamoli.ch)

### Screenshots

<img src="./quizSession.png?raw=true" height="200px"> &nbsp; <img src="./misconceptionView.png?raw=true" height="200px"> &nbsp; <img src="./studentprofile.png?raw=true" height="200px">

Commit message:

Update README.md for nodejs version

profile/README.md, after:

# <center>AMiCI - Project</center>
## <center><u>A</u>gile <u>Mi</u>sconception <u>C</u>oncept <u>I</u>nventory - Project</center>

<br>

The AMiCI Project consists of several (private) repositories:
- AMiCI: A collection of multiple-choice questions (a [Concept Inventory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concept_inventory), *CI*), created with the support of the AMiCI methodology, to early identify programming language (*PL*) misconceptions students develop when learning to program.
- AMiCI Platform: A web application developed in Java (with the [Vaadin Framework](https://vaadin.com/)) that supports the administration, validation, sharing, and results analysis of AMi-CIs.
- AMiCI-Platform-Utils: utilities to support the conversion of formats within the AMiCI-Platform

### Purpose
The purpose is of this project is the **validation and application** of efficient CIs, which aim at early discovering the [PL Misconceptions](https://progmiscon.org) (*MCs*) that students usually develop while learning to program. 

Contrary to state-of-the-art CIs, in the AMiCI methodology  the **unit of observation** is the **option** (both distractors and key answers) of the multiple-choice questions. This is an **original contribution** of our research [(EC-TEL, 2023)](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-42682-7_1) and the basic idea for the design of the platform. <br>
With this approach we aim not to waste any valuable information and **efficiently** build **accurate** profiles of students' understanding.

**A**gile **Mi**sconception **C**oncept **I**nventories proved to be a **fast**, **accurate** and very useful tool in programming courses for both: instructors and students. <br>
With the AMiCI - Platform you may easily implement a CI, administer quizzes, analyze and/or validate the results in just a few clicks.

### Notes
Recent Node.js updates have introduced incompatibilities with building the Webpack component. A quick workaround is to downgrade Node.js, e.g., to version 16.15.1 (or any version below 17).

### Contact
To participate in this project, please, fill out the contact form you find on [http://andrea.adamoli.ch](http://andrea.adamoli.ch)

### Screenshots

<img src="./quizSession.png?raw=true" height="200px"> &nbsp; <img src="./misconceptionView.png?raw=true" height="200px"> &nbsp; <img src="./studentprofile.png?raw=true" height="200px">
